.TH "rfnoc_modtool" 1 "4.8.0" UHD "User Commands"
.SH NAME
rfnoc_modtool - RFNoC OOT module management tool

.SH DESCRIPTION
Create and manage RFNoC OOT modules.


.SH SYNOPSIS
.B  rfnoc_modtool [COMMAND] [OPTIONS]

.SH COMMANDS
Run rfnoc_modtool COMMAND --help for more information on a specific command.

.IP "create"
Create a new RFNoC OOT module.
.IP "add"
Add a new block to an existing RFNoC OOT module.

.SH CREATING NEW MODULES
.sp
When running rfnoc_modtool create, a new directory will be created that contains
the necessary files for a new RFNoC OOT module. This directory will only contain
boilerplate code, and the user will need to add their own blocks to the module.

.SH ADDING BLOCKS
.sp
When running rfnoc_modtool add, a new block will be added to an existing RFNoC OOT module.
This requires previously having run rfnoc_modtool create to create the module.


.SH EXAMPLES

.SS Create a new RFNoC OOT module called "filter"
.sp
rfnoc_modtool create filter
.ft

.SS Add a block called "fir" to the "filter" module (this requires having create a fir.yml block descriptor file)
.sp
rfnoc_modtool -C ./rfnoc-filter add fir -y rfnoc-foo/rfnoc/blocks/fir.yml
.ft

.fi

.SH SEE ALSO
UHD documentation:
.B http://files.ettus.com/manual/
.LP
GR-UHD documentation:
.B http://gnuradio.org/doc/doxygen/page_uhd.html
.LP
Other UHD programs:
.sp
rfnoc_image_builder(1)
.SH AUTHOR
This manual page was written by Martin Braun.
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright (c) 2015-2022 Ettus Research, A National Instruments Brand
.LP
This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.
.LP
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.
