.TH UHD "1" "August 2020" "UHD 4" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
rfnoc_image_builder - Build UHD image using RFNoC blocks.
.SH USAGE
rfnoc_image_builder [\-h] (\fB\-y\fR YAML_CONFIG | \fB\-r\fR GRC_CONFIG) [\-F FPGA_DIR]
.TP
[\-o IMAGE_CORE_OUTPUT] [\-x ROUTER_HEX_OUTPUT]
[\-I INCLUDE_DIR] [\-b GRC_BLOCKS] [\-l LOG_LEVEL]
[\-\-generate\-only] [\-d DEVICE] [\-t TARGET] [\-g] [\-c]
.SS "optional arguments:"
.TP
\fB\-h\fR, \fB\-\-help\fR
show this help message and exit
.TP
\fB\-y\fR YAML_CONFIG, \fB\-\-yaml\-config\fR YAML_CONFIG
Path to yml configuration file
.TP
\fB\-r\fR GRC_CONFIG, \fB\-\-grc\-config\fR GRC_CONFIG
Path to grc file to generate config from
.TP
\fB\-F\fR FPGA_DIR, \fB\-\-fpga\-dir\fR FPGA_DIR
Path to directory for the FPGA source tree.Defaults to
the FPGA source tree of the current repo.
.TP
\fB\-o\fR IMAGE_CORE_OUTPUT, \fB\-\-image\-core\-output\fR IMAGE_CORE_OUTPUT
Path to where to save the image core Verilog source.
Defaults to the directory of the YAML file, filename
<DEVICE>_rfnoc_image_core.v
.TP
\fB\-x\fR ROUTER_HEX_OUTPUT, \fB\-\-router\-hex\-output\fR ROUTER_HEX_OUTPUT
Path to where to save the static router hex file.
Defaults to the directory of the YAML file, filename
<DEVICE>_static_router.hex
.TP
\fB\-I\fR INCLUDE_DIR, \fB\-\-include\-dir\fR INCLUDE_DIR
Path directory of the RFNoC Out\-of\-Tree module
.TP
\fB\-b\fR GRC_BLOCKS, \fB\-\-grc\-blocks\fR GRC_BLOCKS
Path directory of GRC block descriptions (needed for
\fB\-\-grc\-config\fR only)
.TP
\fB\-l\fR LOG_LEVEL, \fB\-\-log\-level\fR LOG_LEVEL
Adjust log level
.TP
\fB\-\-generate\-only\fR
Just generate files without building IP
.TP
\fB\-d\fR DEVICE, \fB\-\-device\fR DEVICE
Device to be programmed [x300, x310, e310, e320, n300,
n310, n320].Needs to be specified either here, or in
the configuration file.
.TP
\fB\-t\fR TARGET, \fB\-\-target\fR TARGET
Build target (e.g. X310_HG, N320_XG, ...). Needs to be
specified either here, on the configuration file.
.TP
\fB\-g\fR, \fB\-\-GUI\fR
Open Vivado GUI during the FPGA building process
.TP
\fB\-c\fR, \fB\-\-clean\-all\fR
Cleans the IP before a new build
.TP
[\-o IMAGE_CORE_OUTPUT] [\-x ROUTER_HEX_OUTPUT]
[\-I INCLUDE_DIR] [\-b GRC_BLOCKS] [\-l LOG_LEVEL]
[\-\-generate\-only] [\-d DEVICE] [\-t TARGET] [\-g] [\-c]
.SH "SEE ALSO"
UHD documentation:
.B https://files.ettus.com/manual/
.LP
Other UHD programs:
.sp
uhd_cal_tx_dc_offset(1) uhd_cal_rx_iq_balance(1) uhd_images_downloader(1)
uhd_config_info(1) uhd_find_devices(1)
.SH AUTHOR
This manual page was written by Maitland Bottoms
for the Debian project (but may be used by others).
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright (c) 2020 Ettus Research LLC
.LP
This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.
.LP
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.
