.TH "uhd_find_devices" 1 "3.9.1" UHD "User Commands"
.SH NAME
uhd_config_info \- USRP Hardware Driver Build Configuration Info
.SH DESCRIPTION
Print build information corresponding to this installation of the USRP
Hardware Driver (UHD).
.LP
The UHD package is the universal hardware driver for Ettus Research
products. The goal is to provide a host driver and API for
current and future Ettus Research products. Users will be able to use
the UHD driver standalone or with 3rd party applications.

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B  uhd_config_info [OPTIONS]

.SH OPTIONS
.IP "Print date this build was compiled:"
--boost-version
.IP "Print Boost version used:"
--build-date
.IP "Print C compiler used:"
--c-compiler
.IP "Print C++ compiler used:"
--cxx-compiler
.IP "Print C compile flags:"
--c-flags
.IP "Print C++ compile flags:"
--cxx-flags
.IP "Print UHD components included in this build (comma-delimited):"
--enabled-components
.IP "Print default install prefix for this build:"
--install-prefix
.IP "Print libusb version used"
--libusb-version
.IP "Print all information listed above:"
--print-all
.IP "Print UHD version:"
--version
.IP "This help information:"
--help

.SH SEE ALSO
UHD documentation:
.B http://files.ettus.com/manual/
.LP
GR-UHD documentation:
.B http://gnuradio.org/doc/doxygen/page_uhd.html

.SH AUTHOR
This manual page was written by Nicholas Corgan
for the Debian project (but may be used by others).

.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright (c) 2015 National Instruments Corp.
.LP
This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.
.LP
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.
