.TH "uhd_images_downloader" 1 "3.5.1" UHD "User Commands"
.SH NAME
uhd_images_downloader \- USRP Hardware Driver firmware/FPGA downloader
.SH DESCRIPTION
The UHD package is the universal hardware driver for Ettus Research
products. The goal of the UHD is to provide a host driver and API for
current and future Ettus Research products. Users will be able to use
the UHD driver standalone or with 3rd party applications.
.LP
Hardware supporting UHD drivers includes the Universal Software Radio
Peripheral, or USRP, available in several models.
.LP
This program installs the firmware and FPGA binaries from Ettus Research
matching this UHD driver release onto the host system. If the uhd-images
package is installed, there is no need to run this installer.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B uhd_images_downloader
Usage: uhd_images_downloader.py [options]
.SH OPTIONS
This program works best without any arguments.
.PP
  -h, --help            show this help message and exit
.PP
  --download-location=DOWNLOAD_LOCATION
                        Set custom download location for images,
                        [default=/usr/share/uhd/images]
.PP
  --buffer-size=BUFFER_SIZE
                        Set download buffer size, [default=8192]
.SH SEE ALSO
UHD documentation:
.B http://files.ettus.com/uhd_docs/manual/html/index.html
.LP
GR-UHD documentation:
.B http://gnuradio.org/doc/doxygen/page_uhd.html
.LP
Other UHD programs:
.sp
usrp2_card_burner(1) usrp_n2xx_simple_net_burner(1)
.SH AUTHOR
This manual page was written by Maitland Bottoms and Nicholas Corgan
for the Debian project (but may be used by others).
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright (c) 2012 Ettus Research LLC
.LP
This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.
.LP
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.
