.TH "usrpctl" 1 "4.0.0" UHD "User Commands"
.SH NAME
usrpctl \- USRP Hardware Driver Peripheral Configuration Tool
.SH DESCRIPTION
Report detailed information on UHD-supported Software Radio Peripherals
attached by USB, network, or embedded configuration.
Allows update and configuration of attached devices.
.LP
The UHD package is the universal hardware driver for Ettus Research products. The goal
is to provide a host driver and API for current and future Ettus Research products.
Users will be able to use the UHD driver standalone or with 3rd party applications.
.LP
Details include unit names, revision numbers, and available sensors on all attached
USRP motherboards and daughterboards.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B  usrpctl [ID] COMMAND [OPTIONS]
.SH ID
ID is the optional device argument. It is used to define a set
of USRP devices that COMMAND should be applied to. If ID is omitted
COMMAND is applied to all reachable devices.

usrpctl understands the device args argument used by other UHD
tools like uhd_find_devices.

.SH COMMAND
Is the action the tool is to take. Every command can be either applied to a
single device or a group of devices. Commands that run on a group of
devices repeat the command for every device.

- Single device commands:
    - config: Read/write configuration variables (e.g., IP address)
    - probe: reads extended information about the USRP
- Multi device commands:
    - update: Update binaries (e.g., FPGA image)
    - reset: Reset the device or parts thereof (e.g., only reset MPM)
    - find: finds all available USRPs in this network

.SH OPTIONS
The options are not always mandatory. It depends on the given COMMAND.

.SH find command

The find command takes no further options. If ID is not given it scans the
system for available, supported devices and prints a list of discovered devices.
The print out is compatible to uhd_find_devices.
ID can be used to narrow down the list of discovered devices.

.SH probe command
.IP "Print a complete property tree:"
-tree
.TP
The probe command can only be applied to a single device so make sure that
ID identifies exactly one device. Without arguments it displays detailed
information about the device such as name, serial, revision numbers,
firmware version sensor information on attached motherboard and daughterboards.

.SH EXAMPLES
.TP \w'usrpctl\ 'u
.BI usrpctl\ find
find all supported devices
.TP
.BI usrpctl\ type=x300,product=X310 find
find all x310 devices
.TP
.BI usrpctl\ name=my_usrp\ find
find a device named my_usrp
.TP
.BI usrpctl\ addr=192.168.10.2\ find
find a device with the given IP.
.TP
.BI usrpctl\ addr=192.168.10.2\ probe
display device information for USRP with the given ID
.TP
.BI usprctl\ name=my_usrp\ probe\ \-tree
display property tree of device with the name my_usrp
.TP

.SH SEE ALSO
UHD documentation:
.B http://files.ettus.com/manual/
.LP
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright (c) 2022 Ettus Research, A National Instruments Brand
.LP
This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.
.LP
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.
